README.md, before:

# Shopping Cart 🛒

<!-- Captura de la app -->
<!-- [Enlace a la App online]() -->
[Enlace al proyecto en GitHub](https://github.com/leireriel/shopping-cart)

## 👀 What is this?

This is a ... <br />
Enjoy it! 🔥

## 📅 What am I working on now

Creating project structure :)

## 🏗️ Getting started

You need to have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/), and then:

1. `$ git clone https://github.com/leireriel/shopping-cart.git`
2. `$ npm i`
3. `$ npm start` + open `http://localhost:3000/`

## ⛩️ Structure

```
shopping-cart
├── node_modules
├── public
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── manifest.json
│   └── robots.txt
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   ├── components
│   ├── constants
│   ├── layouts
│   ├── modals
│   ├── routes
│   │   └── App
│   ├── services
│   ├── styles
│   ├── utils
|   └── index.js
├── tests
│   ├── App.test.js
|   └── setupTests.js
├── .babelrc
├── .gitignore
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## 📦 Dependencies

I used `Create React App` because it provides me with Webpack, Babel and ESLint configuration that is sufficient for my little project. It includes the following dependencies:
* React ⚛
* Webpack
* Babel
* ESLint
* Jest

If I wanted to modify the configutation of this modules I could run `$ npm run eject`.

Also I installed:
* [prop-types](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prop-types)
* [redux](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux)
* [react-redux](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux)

And this Babel plugin:
* [@babel/plugin-proposal-optional-chaining](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-plugin-proposal-optional-chaining)

To consider:
* Note that I have set `NODE_PATH=src` in `.env` file, in order to allow absolute paths on imports.

## 💪 Challenges

...

## 💡 To Do

...
<!-- usar optional-chaining -->
<!-- redux -->
<!-- Tests -->

## 🔧 Production build

To generate a production ready version on `docs` folder:

1. Add `"homepage": "./"` in `package.json`
2. Make sure there are only `https` in your project (replace all references to http with https)
3. `$ npm run build` + `$ mv build docs`

Now you can upload your public folder to GitHub Pages or similar :)

## 🤜🤛 Suggestions

All suggestions are welcome, please open an issue 💜

Commit message:

fix(reducer): put reducer products inside component

README.md, after:

# Shopping Cart 🛒

<!-- Captura de la app -->
<!-- [Enlace a la App online]() -->
[Enlace al proyecto en GitHub](https://github.com/leireriel/shopping-cart)

## 👀 What is this?

This is a ... <br />
Enjoy it! 🔥

## 📅 What am I working on now

Creating project structure :)

## 🏗️ Getting started

You need to have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/), and then:

1. `$ git clone https://github.com/leireriel/shopping-cart.git`
2. `$ npm i`
3. `$ npm start` + open `http://localhost:3000/`

## ⛩️ Structure

```
shopping-cart
├── node_modules
├── public
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── manifest.json
│   └── robots.txt
├── src
│   ├── assets
│   ├── components
│   ├── constants
│   ├── layouts
│   ├── modals
│   ├── routes
│   │   └── App
│   ├── services
│   ├── styles
│   ├── utils
|   └── index.js
├── tests
│   ├── App.test.js
|   └── setupTests.js
├── .babelrc
├── .gitignore
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## 📦 Dependencies

I used `Create React App` because it provides me with Webpack, Babel and ESLint configuration that is sufficient for my little project. It includes the following dependencies:
* React ⚛
* Webpack
* Babel
* ESLint
* Jest

If I wanted to modify the configutation of this modules I could run `$ npm run eject`.

Also I installed:
* [prop-types](https://www.npmjs.com/package/prop-types)
* [redux](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux)
* [react-redux](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux)

And this Babel plugin:
* [@babel/plugin-proposal-optional-chaining](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-plugin-proposal-optional-chaining)

To consider:
* Note that I have set `NODE_PATH=src` in `.env` file, in order to allow absolute paths on imports.

## 💪 Challenges

...
Each component has their own modules (actions, reducers) in order to make the app able to grow easy.

## 💡 To Do

...
<!-- usar optional-chaining -->
<!-- redux -->
<!-- Tests -->

## 🔧 Production build

To generate a production ready version on `docs` folder:

1. Add `"homepage": "./"` in `package.json`
2. Make sure there are only `https` in your project (replace all references to http with https)
3. `$ npm run build` + `$ mv build docs`

Now you can upload your public folder to GitHub Pages or similar :)

## 🤜🤛 Suggestions

All suggestions are welcome, please open an issue 💜
